I I I am just shocked that we're still
having this conversation they executed
tens of people Point Blank including
many of our colleagues who've been
detained now we haven't heard back from
them previous students of mine detained
young doctors detained we don't know if
they're dead or alive they have been
gone for over a hundred days so to say
that this is a strategic targeting of
Hamas is an insult to our intellect and
our Humanity this is a destruction of
people who heal this is a direct
targeting of healthcare workers they're
saying that when they leave the hospital
civilians give them civilian clothing
because wearing scrubs is sticking a
Target sticker on their back and what I
worry is coming to the remaining
hospitals of Gaza of the Gaza Strip
because it has been the pattern and we
will not ignore it is a direct and
systematic targeting of Health Care that
is
unjustifiable